docs: clarify cacheLife() cannot be called at module scope (#92326)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/04-functions/cacheLife.mdx

Reviewer: Let's extend this - the module scope thing is a hard constraint

```suggestion
`cacheLife` requires the `use cache` directive, which must be placed at the file level or at the top of an async function or component.

`cacheLife` itself must be called inside an async function or component, it cannot be used at module scope. Calling it at the top level of a file will throw an error.
```

Reviewer: Is it an error with a messages page? we could link to it, etc, so agents can quickly learn about the mistake - if necessary

Author: Theres an error message but no page.
https://nextjs-dx-agent.labs.vercel.dev/dashboard/issues/restored-issues/restore-docs-2

export default nextConfig
```

> `cacheLife` itself must be called inside an async function or component, it cannot be used at module scope. Calling it at the top level of a file will throw an error.

Reviewer: err sorry for the back and forth here

```suggestion
`cacheLife` can only be used within a cache directive scope.

Add a cache directive (for example, `use cache`) at the file level or at the top of an async function or component.

`cacheLife` cannot be used at module scope. Calling it at the top level of a file will throw an error.
```

> **Good to know**:
>
> - `cacheLife` must not run at module scope. Calling it at the top level of a file (outside any function) throws an error, even when the file has `'use cache'` at file level.
> - Call `cacheLife` inside the async function or component whose output is cached.

> > - Only one `cacheLife` call should execute per function invocation. You can call `cacheLife` in different control flow branches, but ensure only one executes per run. See the [conditional cache lifetimes](#conditional-cache-lifetimes) example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Good to know**:
>
> - Calling `cacheLife` is optional. If omitted, a default cache lifetime is applied.
> - Call `cacheLife` in the same function or component where caching is defined. Avoid abstracting it into shared utilities so the cache behavior remains explicit and easy to reason about.
> - If you call `cacheLife`, ensure only one call executes per function invocation. You can call it in different control flow branches, but only one should run per request. See the [[conditional cache lifetimes](https://chatgpt.com/?temporary-chat=true#conditional-cache-lifetimes)](#conditional-cache-lifetimes) example.
```

Not sure about these, but I think it might be a good opportunity to reword. The idea here was, should you use an explicit cacheLife, keep it as close as possible to the directive, ideally next to it, minus the top of the file case. Having nested cacheLife directives and such, while allowed, inherently makes things harder to reason locally.
